== Don't Panic

A informative application to help out the people who travel across ThoughtWorks Offices.

Problem Statement
Cross office culture or collaborative culture is what stands out ThoughtWorks. Given the amount of ThoughtWorkers travelling across offices, there is always a need to know the maps to office, nearest joints, point of contacts, places to visit etc. To address this below how we plan to use technology effectively to do the same.


== Proposed High Level Solution

This will be a simple web application, optimized for mobile browsers that serves information about all ThoughtWorks offices which will be helpful for people who travel across offices. This application will run in offline mode so without internet connectivity the user can use all information. It will also use Geolocation to save user effort and report to TW in case of emergencies. 

For the start the application will have following information: 
Office Address
Client offices
Location and Landmarks.
Transport information - best mode, sample rates, etc.
Contact numbers of Admin, Legal teams nearby. ( with photos)
Common places where TW will accomodate guests.
Airports and train stations for each city of interest
Maps and directions between the office(s), accommodations and ports.
Restaurants location & contacts nearby guest houses and TW offices.
Names and Phone numbers of prevalent RADIO CAB services in the area.
Places to hang out. - Ability to view reviews, likes, dislike, comments
Information about the other TWers travelling to the same city
Flight information and web checkin (online mode) and airport transfer cab contacts.
Easy dashboard for the admins on who's where and when.

== User Flow:
The application's home page will have select options to chose the country/city/TW Office the person needs to check in at. Upon choosing the office then the application will help out the user with the required information. When user update flight details then application can give latest update on the relevant flight when online.

== Features:
An easy to use Panic Button that automatically calls the local admin, and sends out an SMS/email alert to the admin + legal team with the user's information and last known location. Very useful if and when our travellers get into tight situations. 
The Web application is optimized for mobile devices. It runs seamlessly on any mobile device or laptop / desktop browser. It can be easily added to the home screen of any device to function like a native app.
The application can even work offline. After an initial sync, the user can use the app with out having a SIM/Data connection.  
All phone numbers are tap to call, so it saves time and hunting in the online-only GAB. All the addresses open up in Google Maps (online).
Users will be able to star/bookmark a particular office information for later and easy retrieval.
The app will act as a Wiki - all TWers are entrusted with adding and curating information. We can also add an audit trail if the need arises.

== Advancements:
If time permits we have plans of doing these additional functionalities.
Native apps for mobile. Which will simply download and store the entire application's data. iOS and Android apps are in the pipeline.